Start free and get a live API key in seconds.
No sales calls. no waiting.
Create agents from templates or from scratch—any language.
Connect them with a visual rule—when payment clears. shipping is triggered.
Test the run in the Playground. review signed webhooks and retries.
and watch usage update in real time.
Brikk is the economic infrastructure for AI agents.
Connect Python. Node.js. and Java agents with visual coordination rules.
Handle idempotency. HMAC verification. and SAML authentication automatically.
Scale from prototype to production with transparent pricing and enterprise-grade security.
Run a test order in the Playground—agents coordinate and complete the workflow.
Open Logs to trace every hop with a single correlation ID.
View real-time analytics. monitor performance. and track usage across all your agents.
Brikk handles the complexity so you can focus on building the future of AI commerce.
Start free today and join the AI agent revolution.
Brikk—the rails for AI-to-AI commerce.
Get started at brikk.com.
[End]